Hi within these two sections we have been working on design and Adobe Steve for some time and we have
learned the basics the essentials of the Adobe Steve.
But if you don't feel yourself comfortable by creating a design from scratch so that you can use it
on your own app you can actually go and Google for some free resources so that you can download them
and edit them and adjust them to your own app so that you can have really good looking apps.
OK so let me show you an example.
I'm just going to search for Adobe the U.S. resources as you can see we have a lot of results showing
up in here.
So the first ones are actually the Apple design resources that we have seen before and we have the adobe
dot com as well.
I'm just going to skip all of this and scroll down a little bit.
For example we're going to go for these extreme resources dot co.
And let me go for something else like SD grew dot com and don't worry that it's saying that IRS twelve
for us.
LEMON You get fined.
The latest ones here as well.
For example let me go over here to the group and here you see some free UI kits so you can just click
over here and you will see you have a lot of options.
So for example we can search for IRS or we can just browse is and as you can see we have some UI kit
for bookstore sample and we have some restaurant sample as well and we can just go for does extra resources
doubts Co.
And here we see DHS 12th but we're not interested in IRS to us.
So let me come over here and just take a look around in this Corwin app I believe this is this has something
to do with bitcoin or other crypto currencies.
So maybe we can actually download this to see how it looks like.
So here you go.
This is an app.
So this is a design for specifically cryptocurrency apps.
But for example let's suppose that we're building a cryptocurrency app.
So we see this and we can just download this and we can use this on our apps.
OK.
So let me find another example like we have Apple Pay or here.
And I believe this is too simple so let me go something.
Let me go for something more complicated like this answer Lee app OK.
You can just download this one as well to see if we can get it.
So let me see.
Do we have a download button over here.
Yep.
So let me just click on that.
This is actually in the dropbox.
So let me direct download this so that I can just use it on my computer.
And let me open the downloads folder so let me start with code in app.
So let's see how it looks like.
So here you go.
We have a web app and we have an ISIS app.
So we're interested in this particular one and here that we have some buttons.
We have some graphics.
We have some labels over here we can actually use those.
So if you're not actually building and cryptocurrency app but somehow you managed to get this in your
computer maybe you're particularly interested in this bottom.
So maybe you can edit this button or maybe you can just export this bottom as it is if you click on
this button you can just say mark for export and you can just export this one if you want and you can
use it on your own app.
Right.
You can try to change the color you can try to use some view elements from here.
And it's cool because you have a lot of options in the internets and they're actually free.
So let me open this one as well.
So this is as early app so maybe I'm interested in the search bar or does micro form icon or the search
icon.
I can easily take those and use it on my own app.
So make sure you read the documentation from here and make sure it's actually free to using your own
app in order to avoid any patterns or any other license issues.
OK.
But after you make sure you can actually use it you can actually change it.
You can edit it and use it on your own apps.
And for example if you're building your restaurant app it's a good idea to search these Web sites for
restaurant UI kits and find a related one so that you can easily adjust it to use your own apps using
your own apps.
Okay so I hope you enjoyed this cars.
So this is the last section.
Don't forget to write and review the cars and if you managed to build something good out of these cars
don't forget to send it to me so that I can share with other students as well.
In order to promote your app and in order to celebrate your success all together so take care and see
you in another class.